= Nokogiri-PList

== DESCRIPTION:

Nokogiri-plist provides the functionality for dealing with XML in Apple's property list format.

There is already a plist gem (http://github.com/bleything/plist) that has similar functionality. I didn't realize it until I had written most of this gem. However this gem uses Nokogiri, so the implementation is simpler. The plist gem does its own XML parsing. I figured since I was already using Nokogiri in my project, it's better to build on top of that. I did get ideas from the original gem. I have benchmarked my gem against that gem and it performs similarly. Once I come up with a little more scientific benchmarks, I'll show them.'


== FEATURES:

* Parsers plist files into simple basic Ruby objects
* Generates plist XML from Ruby objects
* Uses the awesome Nokogiri gem


== USAGE:

  Sample plist (test.plist)

  <plist>
    <dict>
      <key>Beers</key>
      <array>
        <string>Black Butte</string>
        <string>Steel Reserve</string>
        <string>Bass Pale Ale</string>
      </array>
      <key>Beer Drinker</key><string>Casey</key>
      <key>Beers Drank</key><integer>4123</integer>
    </dict>
  </plist>


  >  require 'nokogiri-plist'

  Parse the plist XML

  >  plist = Nokogiri::PList(open('test.plist'))
  => { "Beers" => ["Black Butte", "Steel Reserve", "Bass Pale Ale"], "Beers Drank" => 4123, "Beer Drinker" => "Casey"}

  Read a dict property thats value is an array

  >  plist["Beers"]
  => ["Black Butte", "Steel Reserve", "Bass Pale Ale"]

  Read another value

  >  plist["Beer Drinker"]
  => "Casey"



  Turn it into a string containing XML

  > puts plist.to_plist_xml
    <dict>
      <key>Beers</key>
      <array>
        <string>Black Butte</string>
        <string>Steel Reserve</string>
        <string>Bass Pale Ale</string>
      </array>
      <key>Beers Drank</key><integer>4123</integer>
      <key>Beer Drinker</key><string>Casey</string>
    </dict>

  Convert a string into a plist XML string

  > "beer".to_plist_xml
  => "<string>beer</string>"

  Convert an array to a plist XML string

  > puts (1..3).to_a.to_plist_xml
  <array>
    <integer>1</integer>
    <integer>2</integer>
    <integer>3</integer>
  </array>


== REQUIREMENTS:

* Ruby (tested with 1.9.1 and 1.8.7)
* nokogiri
* shoulda and mocha (only if you want to run the tests)


== INSTALL:

* [sudo] gem install nokogiri-plist

